yo what's going on everybody out there
this is popular stranger and we are back
at you again today with another episode
a very special episode of the struggle
squad three-point oh this is our all
gold team in madden 25 ultimate team and
we are in the Super Bowl he have reached
the final destination we're just looking
for one more win to try to seal up that
Lombardi Trophy and do what the silver
and bronze teams could not do and then
if you would have told me that we were
going to get this far I want to told you
you were lying to me because we really
did struggle in the beginning of the
season you guys remember some of those
losses we lost like three in a row at
one point but look at this on the first
drive no surprise we're getting seven
and we're up seven enough that now
burned a lot of clock in the first
quarter here's the last play of the
first quarter he's going to try a wide
receiver screen on third down we stopped
him short so forth and for he's going to
go for it deep in his own territory but
he finds a wide-open slant tight end
across the middle grabbing up the first
down so now first intent keeping his
drive alive when you come at the King
you best not miss you better ask
somebody my friend Tyvon Branch with the
interception userpic style we take over
now 1st and 10 already at midfield swing
it over to burning Davis who's going to
come up short of the first down now
second down T white Hill and he's going
to get it inside the 30 yard line third
and forever right here but Vernon Davis
wide open bet jus gets an extra yard
first and 10 inside the 20 yard line and
then a swing pass to Michael Robinson he
bullies his way into the endzone the
struggle squad is up 14 and nothing
we're almost at halftime already he's
going to try me I almost had that one
read but I was just a second too late
first and ten now time winding down in
the first half he finds a receiver right
down the middle of the field
our quarterbacks just got beat and
allows him to cut the lead in half its
now 14-7 start of the second half he's
getting the ball first he gets sacked
there on that last play so now third and
long again empty back set just the
quarterback back there and five
receivers to throw to he's got nothing
he scrambles to the right and he's going
to get a first down Nick Foles looking
like Michael Vick out there picking up
the first down later on in the drive
it's now third and 14 he's gonna throw
over the top again in the double
coverage Reggie Nelson would the
interception not so fast my friend and
watch this return speed burst how did he
get through all of those tacklers I
don't know I was going crazy I feel the
victory I can i can feel the champagne I
can feel the confetti flying when i get
that interception there were up 21 27
start of the fourth quarter now the
defense just needs a close thing thou
not struggle too much because we've been
doing enough of that all season let's
just get this win and go home nice sack
there by the defense I believe that was
Carlos Dunlap with the sack force is a
third and 17 and I was playing that
route perfectly but I just mistimed it
allows him to get another first down so
he's moving down the field we're
approaching the 2-minute warning and I'm
pretty sure he ran the same exact play
he's scored on earlier in the game right
down the middle of the field so he's
down now 7 or 21 to 14 we just got to
choose some clock here two-minute
warning after that play it's now second
and three I decided to keep it in the
air but make a safe pass Jamaal Charles
is gonna pick up the first down there
third and nine we're forced to pass
again we go to the money route the MVP
Stevie Johnson picks up the first down
and I think we got it man I think we did
it the struggle squad looking like super
bowl champions there's the victory
formation we did it y'all we did it
click that thumbs up if you're happy
that we finally won a super bowl with
the struggle squad because you know I am
there's the Gatorade glitch 21 to 14
it's just awesome beating a team name
the Dallas Cowboys too wouldn't you say
because yeah you guys know I'm an Eagles
fan anyway man this is going to wrap up
the struggle squad series from
25 I'm not going to do any more of these
just because this game is kind of dead
you guys could definitely expect more
game plays from my a team though coming
up soon we got a super bowl with them
and don't worry man the struggle squad
will be back for madden 15 you don't got
to worry about that thanks for watching
guys I'm out peace